statements	Template	Annotation1	Annotation2	Annotation3	Annotation4
If it snows tonight then wake me up early because I want to arrive to work early	1	"(3, more than 2 inches)"	"(4, and it is a working day)"		
If I have an early morning meeting then wake me up early because I want to make sure I don't miss the meeting	2	"(12, and 2 hours before the meeting starts)"			
If the temperature is above 30 degrees then remind me to put the leftovers from last night into the fridge because I want the leftovers to stay fresh	1	"(2, inside)"	"(7, celcius)"		
If there is a sale on sketchbooks between now and August then notify me because I need to get sketchbooks for my fall class	2	"(11, of this year)"	"(14, about the sale)"		
If the weather is bad tomorrow then remind me to bring an umbrella because I want to stay warm	1	"(6, and I am going out)"	"(13, before I leave the house)"		
If my computer battery runs below 20 percent then remind me to plug the computer battery in the outlet because I want the computer battery to be healthy	1	"(4, charge)"			
If my computer battery runs below 20 percent then remind me to plug it in because I want the battery to have enough charge when I am in class	1	"(4, charge)"	"(8, and I have a class that day)"	"(15, the outlet)"	
If I have an early morning meeting then wake me up early because I want to prepare for the meeting.	2	"(12, and 3 hours before the meeting starts)"			
If it's been two weeks since my last call with my mentee and I don't have an upcoming appointment with her then remind me to send her an email because we forgot to schedule our next chat	4	"(21, in the next few days)"	"(29, to schedule our next appointment)"	"(2) call implies voice call, video call, or in person meeting"	
If I get a text from a family member and the room is quiet then read it out loud to me because I want noone else to hear messages from my family	5	"(12, that I am currently in)"			
If I get a text from a family member and the room is quiet then read it out loud to me because it probably means I'm not in a meeting and if I'm not in a meeting then I want to hear messages from my family immediately	5	"(12, that I am currently in)"			
If I have set an alarm for a time between 2am-8am on weekends then double check with me because it’s likely a mistake.	4	"(16, the alarm time)"			
If there is a phone software update then install it because it has fixed your bugs	2	"(7, for my phone)"	"(8, download and)"		
If I am gaining weight then remind me to exercise more often because I want to keep fit.	1	"(5, compared to a few weeks ago)"			
If I am gaining weight then remind me to exercise more often because I want to wear the dresses that I have	1	"(5, compared to a few months ago)"			
If it snows tonight then wake me up early because I want to see the snow for the first time in my life	2	"(9, before snow melts)"			
If the government shutdown does not end by this week then remind me to email Jerry because I want to offer Jerry help for paying his bills	1	"(8, the end of)"	"(16, about the government shutdown)"		
If a new paper about reasoning is published then notify me because I want to cite the paper in my upcoming work	2	"(8, online)"	"(11, about the publication)"		
If I have an upcoming bill payment then remind me to pay it because I want to make sure I avoid paying a late fee	2	"(7, in the next few days)"	"(13, before the bill payment deadline)"		
If I have a doctor's appointment then tell Mary not to schedule any meetings for me then because I want to go to the doctor	2	"(6, in the next few weeks)"			
If I have set an alarm for a time between 2AM-8AM on weekends then notify me because I want to correct the alarm	1	"(16, about the alarm)"			
If I have guests coming over in the weekend then remind me to go grocery shopping Friday evening because I want to feed my guests	3	"(8, upcoming)"	"(18, of this week)"		
If I finish my current audiobook and there are more than 20 new releases in my podcast queue then remind me to switch to podcasts because I want to remain updated	1	"(6, that I last listened to)"	"(25, when I start listening to audiobooks)"		
If the weather is bad tomorrow then remind me to bring an umbrella because my friend needs an umbrella	5	"(6, and I am going to see my friend)"	"(13, before I leave the house)"		
If we are approaching the end of the month then remind me to pay my bills because I want to avoid a fine	2	"(9, in a few days)"	"(16, that are due at the end of the month)"		
If the printer has ran out of ink then remind me to buy ink because I want to be able to print documents	1	"(4, that I usually print documents with)"	"(15, for the printer)"		
If I am running low on milk then remind me to stop by the grocery store and buy milk because I want to have milk at home.	1	"(7, and I don't have any other milk bottles)"	"(16, on my way back to home)"		
If there is an upcoming election then remind me to register and vote because I want my voice to be heard.	2	"(6, in the next few months)"	"(6, and I am eligible to vote)"	"(11, for the election)"	"(13, in the election)"
If a restaurant that I regularly visit changes their hours of operation then notify me because I want to go to the restaurant when it is open	2	"(12, compared to the last time I went there)"	"(15, of their hour change)"		
If I have not shoveled snow out of my driveway by the next day then remind me to do so because I want to avoid getting a ticket	1	"(14, in the winter)"	"(14, and it had snowed last night)"		
If I am walking to a meeting then remind me who else is there because I want to be prepared for the meeting	2	"(14, in the meeting)"			
If I sleep less than 6 hours then order me coffee because I want to stay awake in class	1	"(7, at night)"	"(7, and I have a class that day)"	"(11, from the last place I ordered coffee)"	
If I have an upcoming meeting outside my office building then remind me early because I want to be on time for the meeting	2	"(6, in the next few hours)"	"(14, before the meeting)"		
If the weather is bad tomorrow then remind me to bring an umbrella because I want to stay dry	1	"(6, and I am going out)"	"(13, before I leave the house)"		
If it snows tonight then wake me up early because I want to get to work on time	1	"(3, more than 2 inches (enough to cause traffic slowdowns))"	"(4, and it is a working day)"		
If I have an upcoming meeting in my office building and I am at home then send me a notification 5 minutes before the bus gets to the stop because it takes me 5 minutes to get to the bus stop and I want to take the bus to campus	5	"(10, in the next few hours)"	"(20, to leave the house)"		
If the power goes out then when it comes back on remind me to restart the house furnace because it doesn't come back on by itself and I want to stay warm	5	"(5, in the Winter)"			
If the power goes out then when it comes back on remind me to restart the house furnace because it doesn't come back on by itself	4	"(5, in the Winter)"			
If the power goes out then when it comes back on remind me to restart the house furnace because I want to stay warm	1	"(5, in the Winter)"			
If I am at the grocery store but I have a trip coming up in the next week then remind me not to buy perishables because they will go bad while I am away	4	"(17, more than a couple of days long)"			
If I have an upcoming paper deadline then remind me to start my manuscript at least one month before the deadline because I want to make sure I have enough time for writing	2	"(7, in the next few months)"			
If I have an upcoming grant deadline then remind me a week in advance because I want to make sure I have all the documents	2	"(7, in the next few weeks)"	"(10, about the grant deadline)"	"(14, of the deadline)"	
If I start using Google maps to go home then tell Alexa to turn on the heat because I want my home to be warm when I arrive	2	"(9, in the winter)"			
If my favorite player is doing really well in a game then send me a notification because I want to watch it live	2	"(10, live)"	"(16, about the game)"		
If I get an email with subject the gas kiln fired then send me a list of all the pots I put on the glaze shelf between the last firing and now because I want to pick up the pots from the studio	5	"(32, that is available in the body of the email you just received)"			
If I am gaining weight then remind me to exercise more often because I cannot afford to buy more dress	4	"(5, compared a few months ago)"			
If I have an early morning meeting then wake me up early because I want to be ontime.	2	"(7, before 10 am)"	"(12, before 9)"		
If the air temperature is forecast to be colder than 40 degrees then tell me to close the windows because I want to stay warm.	1	"(12, Fahrenheit)"			
If the air temperature is forecast to be warmer than 70 tonight then remind me to turn on the air conditioner because I want to stay cool.	1	"(10, degrees Fahrenheit)"			
If there are thunderstorms in the forecast within a few hours then remind me to close the windows because I want to keep my home dry.	1	"(18, before I leave home)"			
If I schedule an appointment that overlaps with another appointment then notify me immediately because I want to notify my colleagues of the conflict.	5	"(13, about the overlap)"			
If I receive an email related to work then notify me immediately because I want to stay on top of my work-related emails.	3	"(8, and I have not read it yet)"	"(11, about the email)"		
If I search for a gas station in the navigation app and there is a cheaper gas station that is not too much further away then ask me immediately whether I want to switch the destination to the new gas station because I want to save money.	3	"(11, and choose one)"	"(17, than the one I chose)"		
If I search for a restaurant in the navigation app and there is a cheaper restaurant with a similar rating then notify me immediately whether I want to switch the destination to the new restaurant because I want to save money.	3	"(10, and choose one)"	"(20, to the one I chose)"	"(20, nearby)"	
If I search for a restaurant in the navigation app and there is a better-rated restaurant not too much further away then ask me immediately whether I want to switch the destination to the new restaurant because I want to eat better quality food.	3	"(10, and choose one)"	"(21, from the one I chose)"		
If tomorrow is a holiday then ask me if I want to disable or change my alarms because I don't want to wake up early if I don't need to go to work early.	5	"(5, and I don't have to work)"	"(16, early morning)"		
If tomorrow is a holiday then ask me if I want to disable or change my alarms because I want to wake up late if I can stay home.	5	"(5, and I don't have to work)"	"(16, early morning)"		
If I receive an email about a critical software update then notify me immediately because I want to keep my computers safe from malware.	3	"(5, from my computer's company)"	"(10, and it is not a spam email)"	"(14, about the update)"	"(24, by downloading and installing the software update)"
If I ever happen to be not at my office 5 minutes before a meeting begins then tell the person that I'll be late because I want to be polite.	1	"(16, and the meeting is supposed to be in my office)"	"(20, that I am meeting)"		
If it's going to rain in the afternoon then remind me to bring an umbrella because I want to stay dry.	1	"(8, when I am outside)"	"(15, before I leave the house)"		
If I didn't move for more than 2 hours then remind me to get some air because I want to stay clear headed.	1	"(9, and I am not sleeping)"			
If I haven't been to the gym for more than 3 days then remind me to go to the gym because I want to stay fit.	1	"(12, in a row)"	"(20, to exercise)"		
If there's any talk on developmental psychology happening soon then be sure to notify me because I want to learn about it.	3	"(9, online or somewhere nearby)"	"(15, about the talk)"	"(15, at least 30 minutes before it starts)"	
If I receive an email about water shut off then remind me about it a day before because I want to make sure I have access to water when I need it.	1	"(10, extract the scheduled shut off date and)"	"(17, the scheduled shut off date)"		
If I receive emails about sales on basketball shoes then let me know because I need them and I want to save money.	3	"(9, my size)"	"(13, there is a sale)"		
If I have an upcoming exam then remind me to prepare 3 days ahead because I want to prepare for it.	2	"(14, of the exam)"			
"If there's more than 3 deadlines within 2 days, then remind me to ask for an extension for the homework because I want to get points for them."	3	"(9, in the next few weeks)"	"(14, my teacher)"		
If I haven't been to a grocery store in a week then remind me to go to the grocery store because I want to have food at home.	1	"(11, and I am running low on some food at home)"	"(20, on my way back home)"		
If I have a meeting tomorrow before noon then wake me up at 10am because I want to have time to eat breakfast.	2	"(14, tomorrow)"			
If there is a birthday event on my calendar then remind me to buy a present a week before because I want to make people happy.	2	"(9, for a family member or a close friend)"	"(16, for them)"	"(26, by gifting them on their birthday)"	
If I have more than three hours meeting on my calendar for a day then remind me to relax for an hour in the evening because I want to achieve work life balance.	1	"(25, when I don't have any meetings)"			
If there are less than two social activities on my calendar for a week then remind me to ask friends out for dinner because I want to keep in touch with my friends.	1	"(23, on a day that I don't have any social activity planned)"			
If I stay at home for two consecutive days then remind me to go out for a couple of hours because I want to stay connected to nature.	1	"(9, and there isn't a curfew in place)"	"(9, and there is no stay at home order from the city)"	"(20, after work)"	
If I have more than ten unread emails then set an one hour email replying event on calendar because I want to be responsive to emails.	1	"(8, recieved in the last few days)"	"(18, and make sure it does not overlap with events on my calendar)"		
If the weather is thunderstorm then remind me to review my outdoor activities on calendar because I want to stay dry.	1	"(5, in the next few days)"			
If I am driving home and I have an email about a grocery shopping list then remind me to stop at the grocery store because I want to buy the items on my grocery shopping list.	2	"(15, received in the last few days)"	"(24, before I get home)"		
If I get an email from my boss about our upcoming deadline then notify me because I want to read the email.	2	"(12, that I have not read yet)"	"(15, about the email)"		
If I have an upcoming doctor's appointment then make sure I see it two days in advance because I want to prepare for it.	2	"(7, this week)"			
If the weather is nice tomorrow then remind me to take the kids to an outdoor playground instead of an indoor playground because I want them to enjoy the nice weather.	2	"(22, before we leave home to go to the playground)"			
If I have set an alarm for taking my pills then make sure the alarms are off after I have finished my pills because I want to make sure I don't have false alarms.	2	"(23, and I don't have notifications for picking up refills)"			
If the weather forecast for tomorrow is rain then remind me to take the outdoor cushions inside because I want to make sure they stay dry and I can use them after the rain.	1	"(17, before the rain starts)"			
If we are approaching Fall then remind me to buy flower bulbs because I want to make sure I have a pretty Spring garden.	3	"(5, in a few weeks)"			
If I am going to school then remind me to take my office keys with me because I want to be able to unlock my office door.	2	"(6, from home)"	"(16, before I leave the house)"		
If the weather temperature forecast in the next 10 days is less than 10 degrees celsius then remind me to turn on the heater because I want my house to be warm.	1	"(21, house)"			
If the weather temperature forecast in the next 10 days is above 30 degrees celsius then remind me to turn the heater off because I don't want to make the house warm.	1	"(21, house)"			
If I have a meeting then remind me fifteen minutes beforehand because I want to be prepared for the meeting.	2	"(5, in the next few hours)"	"(11, the meeting)"		
If it is snowing tomorrow then remind me to bring snow chains because I want to reach my destination safely.	1	"(4, heavily)"	"(12, before I leave home)"		
If there is heavy traffic on my current commute path then give me a less congested path because I want to minimize my driving time.	1	"(10, and I am driving my commute)"	"(17, to my commuting distination)"		
If I have a schedule conflict with a professor then remind me to cancel my other meeting(s) because I want to meet with the professor.	1	"(9, in a few days)"	"(16, conflicting)"		
If I have a group appointment then remind me to email my group mates about the meeting a day in advance because I want to understand if the meeting is still feasible.	2	"(6, in the next week)"	"(21, of the meeting)"		
If I have alarms set before daylight savings time and tomorrow it is daylight savings then remind me to move my bedtime reminder an hour back because I want to make sure my sleep time stays the same.	1	"(26, early evening)"			
If I have an upcoming off campus meeting then check how far it is from my office building and remind me to leave in time because I want to arrive early to my meeting	2	"(8, in a few hours)"	"(25, according to my distance from the off campus meeting)"		
If I send an email to multiple people then remind me to create a group with those people because I want to easily email them from now on.	2	"(2, regularly)"	"(6, the same)"	"(14, email)"	
If the temperature is going to be below 40 degrees in the evening but above 40 degrees in the morning then remind me to bring a jacket because I want to stay warm on my commute.	1	"(10, Fahrenheit)"	"(17, Fahrenheit)"	"(27, before I leave home)"	
If it will rain today then remind me to bring my rain boots because I want my feet to stay dry during my commute.	1	"(5, during my commute time)"	"(13, before I leave the house)"		
"If there has not been a follow-up email about a group meeting within 24 hours after the meeting, then remind me to send out notes because I want my team to be successful."	1	"(25, to my team mates that I met)"			
"If I get an email from a recruiter, then tell me about any mail I have received from them before, because I want to send an informed response."	2	"(7, company)"			
"If I get an email from a recruiter then tell me about any mail I have received from them before, because I want to check for mailmerge spam before I reply."	5	"(7, company)"			
If I get an email from my mentorship organization then remind me to put the discussion prompts into the notes of my next mentoring appointment because I want to have good discussions with my mentee.	3	"(9, about my next mentoring appointment schedule)"	"(17, relevant to my mentee)"		
"If it is between 60 and 80 degrees F outside and I haven't walked my commute this week already, then remind me to walk my commute because I want to stay healthy."	5	"(10, now)"	"(26, today once I leave the house)"		
"If it is between 60 and 80 degrees F outside and I haven't walked my commute this week already, then remind me to walk my commute because I want to take walks when it is nice out."	5	"(10, now)"	"(26, today once I leave the house)"		
"If it is between 60 and 80 degrees F outside and I haven't walked my commute this week already, then remind me to walk my commute because I want to check on the Schenley forest regularly."	2	"(10, now)"	"(26, today once I leave the house)"		
If the forecast is for frost and the date is between April 1 and June 1 then remind me to put row cover on the garden because I want my frost-sensitive plants to survive.	1	"(6, tonight)"	"(26, before we get frost)"		
If the forecast is dry and greater than 80 degrees F for more than two days in a row then remind me to water the garden because I want my vegetables to survive.	1	"(26, in the dry day)"			
If you've had to remind me to water the garden more than 5 times in two weeks then remind me to put mulch on the garden because I want to save water.	1	"(16, consecutive)"			
If the forecast is dry and greater than 50 degrees F on a weekend day then remind me to line-dry the laundry because I want to save on the gas bill.	3	"(22, in the weekend)"			
If the forecast is dry and greater than 50 degrees F on a weekend day then remind me to line-dry the laundry because I want the linens to dry smooth.	2	"(22, in the weekend)"			
If the forecast is dry and greater than 50 degrees F on a weekend day then remind me to line-dry the laundry because I want our clothes to smell good.	2	"(22, in the weekend)"			
If the forecast is dry and greater than 50 degrees F on a weekend day then remind me to line-dry the laundry because I hate ironing.	5	"(22, in the weekend)"			
If I check my emails more than few times per hour then remind me that I am wasting my time checking emails because I want to save time.	1	"(11, during work)"			
"If I have an important meeting that is not regular (like classes), then remind me in the morning because I might have to make additional preparation."	5	"(18, of the meeting)"			
If I have an appointment early in the morning then remind me to set an alarm because I want to reach my appointment on time.	2	"(16, for a few hours before the appointment start time)"			
If there is heavy traffic in the route that I use to office then remind me to leave early because I want to reach office on time.	1	"(12, go to the)"	"(13, when I wake up in the morning)"		
If tomorrow is a holiday then remind me to remove my alarm tomorrow morning because I want to relax on holidays.	2	"(5, and I don't have to work)"			
If it's going to snow heavily tonight then remind me to get up early and leave early for work because I want to reach office on time.	1	"(14, before I go to bed)"	"(19, after I wake up)"		
If there is an email that needs to be responded urgently then tell me because I want to respect others	3	"(4, recent)"	"(11, in my inbox)"	"(11, that I have not responded to yet)"	"(13, to respond to the email)"
If it is going to be sunny outside after 5 pm then remind me to leave early and take my daughter to a nearby park otherwise I will miss to have her enjoy the weather.	5	"(11, and the weather is not cold)"	"(16, work)"		
If it is going to be sunny outside after 5 pm then remind me to leave early and take my daughter to a nearby park because I want her to enjoy the weather.	2	"(11, and the weather is not cold)"	"(16, work)"		
If there is sports event on some day of the week then remind me to shift my driving schedule because I want to reach my destination on time.	1	"(11, in my commute path)"	"(19, on the day that there is the sports event)"	"(19, to avoid the sports event)"	
If it's my wife or daughter's birthday tomorrow then remind me to buy gifts when I am driving back home because I want to gift them on their birthdays.	2	"(8, and I have not bought them a gift already)"	"(14, for them)"		
"If I receive an email requesting a meeting which has a conflict with my current schedule, then reply the email automatically to ask for a reschedule, because I want to keep my schedule clear without conflict."	1	"(26, with suggested altenatives)"			
"If I receive an email about something urgent, then notify me immediately, because I want to know the urgency timely."	2	"(8, that I have not read yet)"	"(11, about the email)"		
"If the temperature will decrease dramatically tonight, then remind me to bring my coat to school, because I want to keep myself warm at night."	1	"(16, before I leave the house in the morning)"			
"If the traffic to school is bad at around 9am, then remind me to find a new route, because I want to get to school as early as possible."	1	"(3, on my commute route)"	"(18, to school)"		
"If my calender is clear today, then remind me to go to gym in the afternoon, because I want to keep myself healthy."	2	"(6, and I have not exercised in the past few days)"			
"If I have over 10 arXiv subscription emails unread, then remind me to set them as read, because I want to skip those arXiv papers."	2	"(9, in the last few weeks)"			
"If I have a meeting scheduled in the evening today, then notify my mother that I will not go back home for dinner, because I want to prepare for my meeting in the school."	5	"(14, in the afternoon)"			
If I receive emails about sales on basketball shoes then let me know because I want to save money.	3	"(9, my size)"	"(13, there is a sale)"		
"If a new paper related to what I'm working on is posted on arxiv, notify me immediately because I want to stay up-to-date on current research."	3	"(13, and i have not cited the work already)"	"(16, about the paper)"		
"If papers related to what I'm working on are posted on the proceedings of any NLP or ML conference, tell me about the papers immediately because I want to stay up-to-date on current research."	3	"(16, Natural Language Processing)"	"(18, Machine Learning)"	"(19, that I have not seen on ArXiv already)"	
"If there is a problem accessing my server, tell me immediately since I want to maximize the server's uptime."	1	"(11, that the server is down)"			
"If the price of something I want to buy drops, notify me because I want to buy it when the price is low."	2	"(10, and I still need it)"	"(11, about the price drop)"		
If I'm not up at 10am then wake me up because I want to get up early regularly.	1	"(10, at 10 am)"			
If I'm not in bed at 12am then remind me to go to bed because I want to go to bed early.	1	"(14, and sleep)"			
"If my doctor's appointment is cancelled, book another one for me in the afternoon because I want to get my ankle sprain checked up."	1	"(4, for my ankle sprain)"	"(14, or for the earliest availability)"		
If I haven't made food in a week tell me to practice because I want to learn to cook.	1	"(5, from scratch)"	"(12, making food)"		
If I have difficulty sleeping then play a lullaby because it soothes me.	5	"(5, at night)"			
If I feel down or stressed then chat with me because I want to be comforted.	1	"(10, and comfort me)"			
If there is a natural disaster back at home then remind me to donate money because I want to give back to my community.	2	"(15, for the disaster)"			
If a movie I have been waiting for becomes available on YouTube then remind me because I want to watch it.	2	"(12, and I have not watched it yet in the theatre)"	"(15, to watch the movie)"		
If my favorite authors releases a new book then make sure I see it because I want to read every book my favorite author publishes.	2	"(13, and order)"			
If there is a news about the travel ban then notify me because it is affecting my life and I want to read all the updates regarding the travel ban.	5	"(9, signed by President Trump)"	"(12, about the news)"		
If there will be a gap with no cars on fifth then remind me six minutes beforehand because I want to cross the street immediately upon reaching it.	2	"(11, avenue)"	"(17, the gap reaches my commute path)"		
If there is a better deal on a car that I have then alert me because I want to make sure I get the most value for my next car.	5	"(12, bought in the last few months)"	"(15, which dealership has that offer)"		
If there are available seats in the school building then tell me the position of one and hold it for me because I want to find an available seat to do my work.	2	"(9, that no one is sitting on)"	"(21, so that no one takes it before I get to the seat)"		
If an author I like is doing a reading in my city then let me know because I want to see them.	3	"(16, when and where the reading is taking place)"			
"If I don't have many photos in my calendar album for this week, remind me to take some photos outside because I want it to have photos from every day of the year."	1	"(11, every day of the week)"	"(20, every day)"		
"If I don't have many photos in my calendar album for this week, remind me to take some photos of my newborn child because I want to have photos from my baby every day of the year."	1	"(6, of my new born child)"	"(11, every day of the week)"	"(23, every day)"	
If the weather requires me to wear clothes (e.g. a jacket) that I did not wear yesterday then remind to make that change because I want to be properly dressed for the weather.	1	"(3, drastic change)"	"(23, and take appropriate clothes with me)"	"(23, before I leave the house)"	
If a meeting requires me to wear clothes (e.g. a coat) that I do not commonly wear then remind to make that change because I want to wear appropriate clothes for the meeting.	1	"(3, with a dress code)"	"(23, before I leave home)"		
If my sleep pattern is not great at night and I don't have early morning meetings then move the alarm by half-an-hour because I want to get enough sleep.	5	"(19, morning)"			
If my fridge is empty then remind me to either buy items or put that item in the todo list because I would like to have the items when it's needed e.g. while cooking.	1	"(4, nearly)"	"(12, that I don't have in the fridge)"	"(16, that I don't have in the fridge)"	
"If my favorite NBA team is playing a game, then let me know which website is streaming the game, because I want to watch every game of the team."	2	"(9, that I am not watching already)"	"(16, live)"		
"If my advisor is requesting a meeting with me via email, then notify me immediately, because I want to respond to my advisor as soon as possible."	2	"(14, about the email)"			
If there is a sudden weather change then remind me to wear proper clothes because I want to stay healthy.	1	"(7, compared to yesterday)"	"(14, for the weather)"		
If there is a sudden weather change then remind me to wear proper shoes because I want to stay healthy.	1	"(7, compared to yesterday)"	"(14, for the weather)"		
If I go to school for the Fall then daily order for Starbucks cold brew because I need to stay awake	5	"(15, coffee)"			
If it’s been two weeks since the last time the temperature dropped below 40 degrees then remind me to put away the woolens because I don’t want moths to eat them	5	"(15, Fahrenheit)"			
If it snows tonight then wake me up early because I want to get to work early	1	"(3, heavily)"	"(4, and it is a working day)"		
If my flight is from 2am to 4am then book me a supershuttle because it will be difficult to find ubers.	5	"(3, take off time)"	"(13, for 2 hours before my flight take off time)"		